.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.TH GXINT 1 "January 24, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH NAME
gxint \- load and run an interactive GEANT application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gxint
.RI [ options ] " file(s)"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBgxint\fP is a script to load and run a GEANT application, which is usually
in the form of Fortran source code.  The desired routines are given in
.IR file(s) .
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-d " driver
Specify a graphics driver.  The available options on Linux are X11 and Motif
(which should also work with lesstif). X11 is the default.
.TP
.BI "\-g " geant_version
Specify the version of GEANT to use.  Current default is 3.21.  This option
only makes sense if you have installed a GEANT version other than 3.21
(i.e. one not packaged by Debian).
.TP
.BI "\-h " host
Useful with the \-d X11 option only.  Specifies the hostname used for the
display; syntax is identical with that of $DISPLAY.  If no hostname is
specified, the value of $DISPLAY is used.
.TP
.BI "\-l " library
Specify additional libraries.  This option may be repeated to add several libs.
.TP
.BI "\-L " path
Additional loader search path.  Useful if additional libraries are specified
with \-l option.  This option may be repeated with more than one pathname.
.TP
.B \-m
Do NOT use main program from cernlib area.
.TP
.BI "\-o " outputfile
Do not immediately run GEANT, but instead produce an executable file named
.IR outputfile .
If "\-o" is not given, the executable file will be created in $HOME,
named GEANT\fIpid\fP (\fIpid\fP being the process ID of \fBgxint\fP),
and run automatically.
.TP
.BI "\-v " version
Specify version of $CERN_LEVEL.  This is meaningless unless you have installed
an upstream version of CERNLIB (i.e. not packaged by Debian); see the file
.IR /usr/share/doc/cernlib\-base/README.Debian .
.TP
.B \-?, \-\-help
Show a summary of options.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR cernlib (1)
\- script to list required \-l and \-L options given a list of CERN libraries
.PP
.I /usr/share/doc/cernlib\-base/README.Debian
describes how one might use the \-v flag with Debian's versions of the
cernlib and gxint scripts if one has an upstream version of CERNLIB installed.
.PP
CERNLIB documentation for all related libraries and programs is available
at the following URL:
.I http://cern.ch/cernlib/
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Kevin McCarty <kmccarty@debian.org>
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
.SH COPYRIGHT
This manual page is (C) Copyright Kevin McCarty, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005.
